Enhancement: Step Functions for Express Workflows (#12249)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/sfn_state_machine.html.markdown

  name     = "my-state-machine"
  role_arn = "${aws_iam_role.iam_for_sfn.arn}"
  type     = "EXPRESS"

  definition = <<EOF
{
  "Comment": "A Hello World example of the Amazon States Language using an AWS Lambda Function",
  "StartAt": "HelloWorld",
  "States": {
    "HelloWorld": {
      "Type": "Task",
      "Resource": "${aws_lambda_function.lambda.arn}",
      "End": true
    }
  }
}
EOF
}
```

### Logging

~> *NOTE:* See the [AWS Step Functions Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/welcome.html) for more information about enabling Step Function logging.

```hcl
# ...

resource "aws_sfn_state_machine" "sfn_state_machine" {
  name     = "my-state-machine"
  role_arn = "${aws_iam_role.iam_for_sfn.arn}"

  definition = <<EOF
{
  "Comment": "A Hello World example of the Amazon States Language using an AWS Lambda Function",
  "StartAt": "HelloWorld",
  "States": {
    "HelloWorld": {
      "Type": "Task",
      "Resource": "${aws_lambda_function.lambda.arn}",
      "End": true
    }
  }
}
EOF
 
  logging_configuration {
     log_destination = "${aws_cloudwatch_log_group.log_group_for_sfn.arn}"
     include_execution_data = true

>      level = "ERROR"

Reviewer: These need to be aligned for the linting to be successful and the automated check to succeed

Author: hopefully this fixes it.

Reviewer: My comment was towards the equal signs being aligned in HCL

Reviewer: I thought it didn't like the equal signs being misaligned but it looks like that fixed it!

* `definition` - (Required) The Amazon States Language definition of the state machine.
* `role_arn` - (Required) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role to use for this state machine.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags

> * `logging_configuration` - (Optional) Defines what execution history events are logged and where they are logged. The logging_configuration parameter is only valid when type is set to EXPRESS. By default, the level is set to OFF. For more information see [Logging Express Workflows](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/cw-logs.html) and [Log Levels](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/cloudwatch-log-level.html) in the AWS Step Functions User Guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `logging_configuration` - (Optional) Defines what execution history events are logged and where they are logged. The `logging_configuration` parameter is only valid when `type` is set to `EXPRESS`. Defaults to `OFF`. For more information see [Logging Express Workflows](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/cw-logs.html) and [Log Levels](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/cloudwatch-log-level.html) in the AWS Step Functions User Guide.
```
